Update svelte kit (#323)
tauri-apps/create-tauri-app: .changes/update-svelte-kit.md

---
"create-tauri-app": patch
---

Update `@svelte/kit` new major version `1.x`.
Update other dependencies for the `fragment-svelte-kit[-ts]` templates.

> Fix the `check` and `check:watch` scripts in `package.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update `@svelte/kit` to new major version `1.x` and update related dependencies. Also, fixed the `check` and `check:watch` scripts in `svelte-kit-ts` template.
```
